WAGO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

LICENSE TERMS 

Thank you for choosing WAGO Software. THIS WAGO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ('LICENSE AGREEMENT") IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU "THE USER" AND WAGO GmbH & Co. KG ("WAGO"). You should review the entire agreement, including any linked terms, because all of the terms are important and together create this contract that applies to you. 

THIS OFFER IS NOT MADE TO CONSUMERS. BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU DECLARE NOT TO BE A CONSUMER, AGREE TO COMPLY WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONSENT TO THE TRANSMISSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION DURING ACTIVATION AND FOR INTERNET-BASED FEATURES OF THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE OR FEATURES. INSTEAD YOU MAY RETURN THE SOFTWARE TO THE PLACE YOU OBTAINED IT FOR A FULL REFUND.

To stay informed about product updates as they occur, sign up for a product-specific newsletter. For more information, visit www.wago.com.


1. LICENSE GRANTS
1.1 WAGO grants the User a non-exclusive and - unless otherwise agreed - non transferrable right to use the software provided. 

1.2 In the event that WAGO submits a License Key to the User, which unlocks the Software (hereinafter referred to as "License Key"), this License Key must also be installed.

1.3 If the User bought a single license and has already installed the software, he must de-install the software first before transferring it to another computer or user. For the purpose of this Terms, "Computer" does also include "Controller" or "Embedded Devices". For the installation on a different computer the User might need WAGO`s support. If the User bought a multiple license, he may install the software on several computers of his company to the agreed extent.

1.4 WAGO software uses open-source software with its own terms and conditions. The terms and conditions can be found next to the WAGO software installer or they will be copied to the local hard disk drive during installation. By using the WAGO software the User accepts all of these terms and conditions as well. The Software may be software licensed from a third party or may contain such licensed software, i.e. software which has not been developed by WAGO itself but which has been licensed to WAGO by a third party (hereinafter referred to as the "Licensor"). If the User receives the terms and conditions stipulated by the relevant Licensor together with the Software in this case, such terms and conditions shall apply with respect to the Licensor's liability vis-à-vis the User. WAGO`s own liability vis-à-vis the User shall be governed in any case by this License Agreement.

1.5 User may not: (i) modify the Software; (ii) translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or attempt to derive the Source Code of the Software; (iii) create a derivative of the Software; or (iv) alter or remove any of WAGO's or its licensor's copyright or proprietary rights notices or legends appearing on or in the Target Application. User is, especially when transferring or allowing a third party the use of the software, responsible for informing all Users and End Users of the restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

1.6 Title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Software shall remain in WAGO and its suppliers and are protected by international copyright laws and international copyright treaties. The Software is licensed, not sold. There is no transfer to End User of any title to or ownership of the Software and the license granted under this Agreement should not be construed as a sale of any right in the Software. All rights not specifically granted under this License Agreement are reserved by WAGO.


2. Warranty and Liability
2.1 Claims for damages and reimbursement of expenses of the User (hereinafter referred to as claims for damages), regardless of whatever legal grounds, in particular owing to a breach of duties arising from the contractual obligations, a tortious act and owing to indirect damages shall be excluded. This shall not apply, provided liability is mandatory, e.g. according to the Product Liability Act, in the case of wilful intent, gross negligence, owing to injury to life, limb or health of if material contractual obligations are breached. The claim for damages if material contractual obligations are breached shall, however, be limited to typical foreseeable damage provided that no wilful intent or gross negligence exists or liability is assumed for injury to life, limb or health.

2.2 Liability for data loss is limited to the typical restoration costs, which would have occurred with regular and risk-related backup copies.

2.3 These License Terms do not relieve the User of the duty to check the reliability and functionality of the respective intended purpose with the appropriate care and to obey the recognized rules of technology as well as legal provisions and DIN standards. WAGO is not responsible for incorrect or incomplete entries or for incorrect material or component selection for use of the WAGO software. WAGO software it not suitable for the use with products other than those by WAGO. Price indications are not valid prices, but only calculation aids. The respectively valid prices can be obtained from WAGO upon request.

2.4 The warranty period for the WAGO Software is 1 (one) year, beginning with the date of delivery the WAGO software.
 

3 . USER INDEMNITY
User will defend at its expense and indemnify WAGO from and against any losses, costs or damages resulting from or in connection with any claims by third parties resulting from or in connection with the use or distribution of the Target Application by User and User's direct and indirect End Users in any country, provided that WAGO gives User prompt written notice of any such claim, tenders to User the defense or settlement of any such claim at User's expense, and cooperates with User, at User's expense, in defending or settling such claim. This indemnification obligation shall not apply to infringement actions or claims if such actions or claims are based solely on the use of the Target Application in the form provided by WAGO.


4. Use of the Software 
4.1 During activation, the software will send information about the software and User`s computer to WAGO. This information includes the version, license version, language, and product key of the software, the Internet protocol address of the computer, and information derived from the hardware configuration of the computer. For more information about activation, see http://global.wago.com/en/wago/impressum/data-protection/index.jsp. If the licensed computer is connected to the Internet, the software will automatically connect to WAGO for activation. 

4.2 WAGO uses the information it collects through the software features to upgrade or fix the software and otherwise improve our products and services. In certain circumstances, WAGO also shares it with others. For example, WAGO shares error reports with relevant hardware and software vendors, so that they can use the information to improve how their products run with WAGO products. User agrees that WAGO may use and disclose the information as described in our Privacy Statement at http://global.wago.com/en/wago/impressum/data-protection/index.jsp. 

4.3 If User connects from his computer to the Internet, some features of the software may connect to WAGO or service provider computer systems to send or receive information. The User may not always receive a separate notice when they connect. If User chooses to use any of these features, he agrees to send or receive this information when using that feature; all of these features can be switched off or User can choose not to use them. 

4.4 If WAGO installs the software covered by this agreement as an upgrade or conversion to your existing software, then the upgrade or conversion replaces the original software that User is upgrading or converting from. User does not retain any rights to the original software after he has upgraded and he may not continue to use it or transfer it in any way. 

4.5 Automatic Update (only valid if User has activated this feature). Software may periodically check with WAGO for updates and supplements to the software. If found, these updates and supplements might be automatically downloaded and installed on User`s licensed computer. 
 
4.6 Upon request the User will allow WAGO to verify the proper use of the Software, in particular to determine whether the User uses the Software in the context of his acquired licenses. For this purpose the User shall provide necessary information to WAGO and provide access to relevant documents and records, as well as allow a review of the hardware and software environment used. WAGO or a third party, appointed by WAGO and bound by its duty of professional secrecy, may carry out the audit during regular business hours.


5. TERMINATION
5.1. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice for the material breach of the other party, which material breach is curable and has remained uncured for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of delivery of written notice thereof to the breaching party.

5.2. Upon termination, User shall: (i) not use the Software for any purpose whatsoever and (ii) immediately destroy or return to WAGO all material belonging to WAGO including the Software. Upon WAGO`s request, User shall provide WAGO a written confirmation stating that he has destroyed the Software.

5.3 . In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render this Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and, in such event, such provision shall be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives or such unenforceable or invalid provisions within the limits of applicable law or applicable court decisions.

5.4 . This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Germany without regard to conflicts of law principles. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically excluded from application to this Agreement. All disputes arising under this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the courts responsible for Minden/Westfalen ( Germany), as permitted by the law. 

